Siirtämälläni ongelmani huomiseen ratkaisee ne tänään
Se mikä sykkimällä tulee, se rötväämällä menee
Olen vakavissani, se oli vitsi
Hyvin arvattu on puoliksi tehty
Kerran luulin olleeni väärässä mutta erehdyin
Kiitän, Lepo
Elämä on liian tärkeää otettavaksi vakavasti
Ei se ole illuusio, se vain näyttää siltä
2+2=5, hyvin suurilla kakkosen arvoilla
En ole psykiatri, olen muuten vain asiantuntija sekaisin olemisessa
paska on todellisuuden tiivistelmä
Plagiointi on rehellistä imartelua
Olen vapaa ennakkoluuloista, vihaan kaikkia tasapuolisesti
Sinulla on pää, niin on nuppineulallakin
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that is my religion - A. Lincoln
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
I am easily statisfied with the very best.
You have enemies? Good. That means you have stood up for something in your life. - Winston Churchill
History is written by the victors. 
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography. - Ambrose Piece
My favorite machine at the gym is the vending machine.
I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.
A day without laughter is a day wasted. - Charlie Chaplin
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday. - Dale Carnegie
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with mosquito - Dalai Lama
All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal or fattening. - Alexander Woolcott
Marriage is the chier cause of divorce - Groucho Marx
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it - Buddy Hackett
Tahdon olla autosotamies, taistelu kenttien naisten mies
It's important to have a twinkle in your wrinkle.
Ei pien pieru persettä revi 
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. - Karl Marx
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion - Georg Wilhelm Friendrich Hegel
Good artists copy, great artists steal - Pablo Picasso
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about universe - Albert Einstein
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. Albert Einstein
I can resists everything exept temptation - Oscar Wilde
It's not true that I had nothing on. I had the radio on. - Marilyn Monroe
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success? - Jerry Seinfeld
Why the fuck would you go big when you can go home
Politicians and diapers must changed often, and for the same reason. - Mark Twain
The best advice I've ever received is, 'No one else knows what they're doing either. - Ricky Gervais
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese - Steven Wright
Some cause hapiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go - Oscar Wilde
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Chruchill
